# Towards an extensive evaluation framework for anomaly-based NIDS
This repository contains the code that has been written by me (or modified by me) and used for my master's thesis: "Towards an extensive evaluation framework for anomaly-based NIDS" (link to be provided upon publication of the thesis).

This Readme will contain explanations for each folder in the repository. Further information for each file in particular is provided in the form of a Readme in the respective folder.

* **Adversarial attacks** - Contains all the code used to generate adversarial examples, to insert the examples into datasets and to process and format the datasets with the examples.
* **Kitsune functions** - Contains a modified version of one of Kitsune's functions, as well as the code used to launch Kitsune and to cyhtonize the files which are originally provided in Python.
* **Metrics and figures** - Contains the code used for computing metrics (other than SIREOS and EM), generating figures and processing the metrics results for comparison and analysis purposes.
* **Packet processing** - Contains the code used for processing the packets datasets for Kitsune usage, including filtering (e.g. for sampling a training set), labeling the packets and capturing packet features generated by Kitsune.

The code provided here is for the most part code that I have written. Alongside this, the following code has been used for the thesis:

* https://github.com/ymirsky/Kitsune-py - The Kitsune model developed by Y. Mirsky, T. Doitshman, Y. Elovici, and A. Shabtai was used to analyze and extract the features of the packets gathered for the purposes of this project, as well as the datasets that were modified with adversarial attacks.
* https://github.com/homarques/SIREOS - The implementation of the novel metric SIREOS is used in order to compute this metric for the thesis
* https://github.com/ngoix/EMMV_benchmarks - The implementation of the EM metric is used in order to compute this metric for the thesis
